chore: rearange changelog, add 3.2 highlights (#6186)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

 - [0.0.5](#005)
 - [0.0.4 and prior](#004-and-prior)

## 3.2

> Release date: 2024-06-12

### Highlights

- 🚀 **Fallback Configuration**: New `FallbackConfiguration` feature enables isolating configuration failure domains so

>   that one broken object does no longer prevent the entire configuration from being applied. See [Fallback Configuration guide]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that one broken objectno longer prevents the entire configuration from being applied. See [Fallback Configuration guide]
```

btw. should we emphasize here that it's alpha feature?

Author: @mheap What do you think?
